CMake: Update cmake profile doc (#1433)
ARMmbed/Handbook: docs/tools/mbed_cli_2/build-system/profiles.md

2. [debug.cmake](https://github.com/ARMmbed/mbed-os/blob/master/tools/cmake/profiles/debug.cmake)
3. [release.cmake](https://github.com/ARMmbed/mbed-os/blob/master/tools/cmake/profiles/release.cmake)

The build system includes one of the profile scripts into the build depending on CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE. The CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE is set by Mbed CLI 2 based on the argument it receives in the "-b" or "--profile" command line. If Mbed CLI 2 does not receive any argument, then it sets CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE to "Develop" based on that build system includes the corresponding "develop.cmake" script into the build.

### Example

Select `debug` profile using Mbed CLI 2 command:

```
 mbedtools compile -t GCC_ARM -m k64f -b debug
 ```

In case the application is using the direct CMake command then selecting the build type by passing `-DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE` argument and if there is no `CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE` argument passed with cmake configuration command then the build system sets `CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE` to `develop`.

### Example

Select `release` profile using direct CMake command:

```
cmake -GNinja .. -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=release
```

## Build profile script format

> Every profile script has the function `mbed_set_profile_options` which expects target and toolchain as an argument. This function is setting the necessary flags to the target using generator expression and target link options according to the toolchain argument. This function gets [called](https://github.com/ARMmbed/mbed-os/blob/master/CMakeLists.txt#L57) from Mbed OS root CMake.

Reviewer: > This function gets [called](https://github.com/ARMmbed/mbed-os/blob/master/CMakeLists.txt#L57) from Mbed OS root CMake.

I would not be that specific (CMakeLists) is subject to change. It's easy to find where it is invoked.

The required flag types are listed in Target config:

| Target config                    | Description                           |
|:---------------------------------|:--------------------------------------|

> | `profile_asm_compile_options`    | Flags for the Assembler               |

Reviewer: also how we add options. Shall this be just generic guide? 

Briefly:
- 3 profiles under tools/cmake/profiles
- what each provides - sets compiler and linker

Author: @0xc0170 I have updated the profile doc with a comparison table to give better visibility for compiler flags difference, please re-review

# Mbed OS build profile

> The build profile defines the set of flags that is passed to the underlying compiler suite. In cmake based build system, `CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE` usually determines the build profile and normally this type is set by application target CMake to select the profile.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The build profile defines a set of flags that is passed to the underlying compiler suite to specify the build type. In CMake based build system, `CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE` usually determines the build type and is set by the application CMake target.
```

## User-defined build profile

In Mbed OS CMake based build system has dedicated cmake profile scripts for every build profiles:

> 1. [develop.cmake](https://github.com/ARMmbed/mbed-os/blob/master/tools/cmake/profiles/develop.cmake)
> 2. [debug.cmake](https://github.com/ARMmbed/mbed-os/blob/master/tools/cmake/profiles/debug.cmake)
> 3. [release.cmake](https://github.com/ARMmbed/mbed-os/blob/master/tools/cmake/profiles/release.cmake)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Develop - Disable debugging with high speed optimization
* Debug - Enable debugging with low code size optimization
* Release - Disable debugging with high code size optimization
```

> The build system includes one of the profile scripts into the build depending on CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE. The CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE is set by Mbed CLI 2 based on the argument it receives in the "-b" or "--profile" command line. If Mbed CLI 2 does not receive any argument, then it sets CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE to "Develop" based on that build system includes the corresponding "develop.cmake" script into the build.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each profile is [implemented as a CMake module](https://github.com/ARMmbed/mbed-os/blob/master/tools/cmake/profiles/) which is selected depending on the value of `CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE`. The `CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE` is set by Mbed CLI 2 based on the argument it receives in for the `-b` or `--profile` optional command line argument. The default value for `CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE` is `Develop`.
```

### Example

> Select `debug` profile using Mbed CLI 2 command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Selecting the `Debug` profile using Mbed CLI 2 command:
```

> ```
>  mbedtools compile -t GCC_ARM -m k64f -b debug
>  ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
``
 mbedtools compile -t GCC_ARM -m k64f -b debug
`` <---Indentation here needs fixing
```

> In case the application is using the direct CMake command then selecting the build type by passing `-DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE` argument and if there is no `CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE` argument passed with cmake configuration command then the build system sets `CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE` to `develop`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Advanced users who choose to run CMake directly should use `-D CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Debug`.
```

> ### Example
> 
> Select `release` profile using direct CMake command:
> 
> ```
> cmake -GNinja .. -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=release
> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

## Build profile script

> Every profile script has the function `mbed_set_profile_options` which expects target and toolchain as an argument. This function is setting the necessary flags to the target using generator expression and target link options according to the toolchain argument. This function gets called from Mbed OS root CMake.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Every profile CMake module implement the `mbed_set_profile_options()` function which expects a CMake target and toolchain identifier as arguments. The function sets the toolchain compiler and linker optional arguments as well as compile definitions for the CMake target. Compiler options are set per supported programming language.
```

### Comparison between different profile script target configuration

#### GCC_ARM toolchain

| Target config                | debug.cmake                           | develop.cmake                    | release.cmake                         |
|:-----------------------------|:--------------------------------------|:---------------------------------|:--------------------------------------|

> | `profile_c_compile_options`  |             "-c" <br/> <font color='red'>"-Og"</font>               | "-c" <br/> <font color='red'>"-Os"</font>     | "-c" <br/> <font color='red'>"-Os"</font>    |
> | `profile_cxx_compile_options`  | "-fno-rtti"<br/>"-Wvla"<br/><font color='red'>"-Og"<br/></font><font color='red'>"-c"</font>| "-fno-rtti"<br/>"-Wvla"<br/><font color='red'>"-Os"</font>    | "-fno-rtti"<br/>"-Wvla"<br/><font color='red'>"-Os"</font><br/><font color='red'>"-c"</font>| 
> | `profile_asm_compile_options`| <font color='red'>"-c"</font><br/>"-x"<br/>"assembler-with-cpp"            | "-x"<br/>"assembler-with-cpp"    | <font color='red'>"-c"</font><br/>"-x"<br/>"assembler-with-cpp" |
> | `profile_link_options`       | "-Wl,--gc-sections"<br/>"-Wl,--wrap,main"<br/>"-Wl,--wrap,_malloc_r"<br/>"-Wl,--wrap,_free_r"<br/>"-Wl,--wrap,_realloc_r"<br/>"-Wl,--wrap,_memalign_r"<br/>"-Wl,--wrap,_calloc_r"<br/>"-Wl,--wrap,exit"<br/>"-Wl,--wrap,atexit"<br/>"-Wl,-n"<br/>                  | "-Wl,--gc-sections"<br/>"-Wl,--wrap,main"<br/>"-Wl,--wrap,_malloc_r"<br/>"-Wl,--wrap,_free_r"<br/>"-Wl,--wrap,_realloc_r"<br/>"-Wl,--wrap,_memalign_r"<br/>"-Wl,--wrap,_calloc_r"<br/>"-Wl,--wrap,exit"<br/>"-Wl,--wrap,atexit"<br/>"-Wl,-n"<br/>    | "-Wl,--gc-sections"<br/>"-Wl,--wrap,main"<br/>"-Wl,--wrap,_malloc_r"<br/>"-Wl,--wrap,_free_r"<br/>"-Wl,--wrap,_realloc_r"<br/>"-Wl,--wrap,_memalign_r"<br/>"-Wl,--wrap,_calloc_r"<br/>"-Wl,--wrap,exit"<br/>"-Wl,--wrap,atexit"<br/>"-Wl,-n"<br/>             |
> | `target_compile_definitions`  |             MBED_TRAP_ERRORS_ENABLED=1<br/>MBED_DEBUG     | MBED_TRAP_ERRORS_ENABLED=1   | NDEBUG   |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| C compile options  |             "-c" <br/> <font color='red'>"-Og"</font>               | "-c" <br/> <font color='red'>"-Os"</font>     | "-c" <br/> <font color='red'>"-Os"</font>    |
| C++ compile options  | "-fno-rtti"<br/>"-Wvla"<br/><font color='red'>"-Og"<br/></font><font color='red'>"-c"</font>| "-fno-rtti"<br/>"-Wvla"<br/><font color='red'>"-Os"</font>    | "-fno-rtti"<br/>"-Wvla"<br/><font color='red'>"-Os"</font><br/><font color='red'>"-c"</font>| 
| ASM compile options | <font color='red'>"-c"</font><br/>"-x"<br/>"assembler-with-cpp"            | "-x"<br/>"assembler-with-cpp"    | <font color='red'>"-c"</font><br/>"-x"<br/>"assembler-with-cpp" |
| Linker options       | "-Wl,--gc-sections"<br/>"-Wl,--wrap,main"<br/>"-Wl,--wrap,_malloc_r"<br/>"-Wl,--wrap,_free_r"<br/>"-Wl,--wrap,_realloc_r"<br/>"-Wl,--wrap,_memalign_r"<br/>"-Wl,--wrap,_calloc_r"<br/>"-Wl,--wrap,exit"<br/>"-Wl,--wrap,atexit"<br/>"-Wl,-n"<br/>                  | "-Wl,--gc-sections"<br/>"-Wl,--wrap,main"<br/>"-Wl,--wrap,_malloc_r"<br/>"-Wl,--wrap,_free_r"<br/>"-Wl,--wrap,_realloc_r"<br/>"-Wl,--wrap,_memalign_r"<br/>"-Wl,--wrap,_calloc_r"<br/>"-Wl,--wrap,exit"<br/>"-Wl,--wrap,atexit"<br/>"-Wl,-n"<br/>    | "-Wl,--gc-sections"<br/>"-Wl,--wrap,main"<br/>"-Wl,--wrap,_malloc_r"<br/>"-Wl,--wrap,_free_r"<br/>"-Wl,--wrap,_realloc_r"<br/>"-Wl,--wrap,_memalign_r"<br/>"-Wl,--wrap,_calloc_r"<br/>"-Wl,--wrap,exit"<br/>"-Wl,--wrap,atexit"<br/>"-Wl,-n"<br/>             |
| Compile defintions  |             MBED_TRAP_ERRORS_ENABLED=1<br/>MBED_DEBUG     | MBED_TRAP_ERRORS_ENABLED=1   | NDEBUG   |
```

#### ARM toolchain

| Target config                | debug.cmake                           | develop.cmake                    | release.cmake                         |
|:-----------------------------|:--------------------------------------|:---------------------------------|:--------------------------------------|

> | `profile_c_compile_options`  |             "-c" <br/> <font color='red'>-O1</font>               | "-c" <br/> <font color='red'>"-Os"</font>     | "-c" <br/> <font color='red'>"-Oz"</font>    |
> | `profile_cxx_compile_options`  | "-fno-rtti"<br/>"-fno-c++-static-destructors"<br/><font color='red'>"-O1"</font>| "-fno-rtti"<br/>"-fno-c++-static-destructors"<br/><font color='red'>"-Os"</font>   | "-fno-rtti"<br/>"-fno-c++-static-destructors"<br/><font color='red'>"-Oz"</font>| 
> | `profile_link_options`  |             <font color='red'>"--verbose"</font><br/><font color='red'>"--remove"</font><br/>"--show_full_path"<br/>"--legacyalign"<br/>"--any_contingency"<br/>"--keep=os_cb_sections"               | "--show_full_path"<br/>"--legacyalign"<br/>"--any_contingency"<br/>"--keep=os_cb_sections"<br/><font color='red'>"--inline"</font>     | "--show_full_path"<br/>"--legacyalign"<br/>"--any_contingency"<br/>"--keep=os_cb_sections"<br/><font color='red'>"--inline"</font>    |
> | `target_compile_definitions`  |             __ASSERT_MSG<br/>MBED_TRAP_ERRORS_ENABLED=1<br/>MBED_DEBUG<br/>MULADDC_CANNOT_USE_R7     | __ASSERT_MSG<br/>MBED_TRAP_ERRORS_ENABLED=1   | __ASSERT_MSG<br/>NDEBUG   |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| C compile options  |             "-c" <br/> <font color='red'>-O1</font>               | "-c" <br/> <font color='red'>"-Os"</font>     | "-c" <br/> <font color='red'>"-Oz"</font>    |
| C++ compile options  | "-fno-rtti"<br/>"-fno-c++-static-destructors"<br/><font color='red'>"-O1"</font>| "-fno-rtti"<br/>"-fno-c++-static-destructors"<br/><font color='red'>"-Os"</font>   | "-fno-rtti"<br/>"-fno-c++-static-destructors"<br/><font color='red'>"-Oz"</font>| 
| Linker options  |             <font color='red'>"--verbose"</font><br/><font color='red'>"--remove"</font><br/>"--show_full_path"<br/>"--legacyalign"<br/>"--any_contingency"<br/>"--keep=os_cb_sections"               | "--show_full_path"<br/>"--legacyalign"<br/>"--any_contingency"<br/>"--keep=os_cb_sections"<br/><font color='red'>"--inline"</font>     | "--show_full_path"<br/>"--legacyalign"<br/>"--any_contingency"<br/>"--keep=os_cb_sections"<br/><font color='red'>"--inline"</font>    |
| Compile defintions  |             __ASSERT_MSG<br/>MBED_TRAP_ERRORS_ENABLED=1<br/>MBED_DEBUG<br/>MULADDC_CANNOT_USE_R7     | __ASSERT_MSG<br/>MBED_TRAP_ERRORS_ENABLED=1   | __ASSERT_MSG<br/>NDEBUG   |
```
